The file README.txt is a text file that lists the names and ccids of all 
group members. This file must also include the names of anyone you 
collaborated with (as much as it is allowed within the course policy) 
or a line saying that you did not collaborate with anyone else. 
This is also the place to acknowledge the use of any source of information 
besides the course textbook and/or class notes.

Your design document must be type-written and is saved as a PDF and be 
included in your submission. Your design document cannot exceed 4 pages.

The design document should include 
(a) a general overview of your system with a small user guide, 


(b) a detailed design of your software with a focus on the components 
required to deliver the major functions of your application,


(c) your testing strategy, 



and (d) your group work break-down strategy. 
 The general overview of the system gives a high level introduction and may 
 include a diagram showing the flow of data between different components; 
 this can be useful for both users and developers of your application. 
 The detailed design of your software should describe the responsibility 
 and interface of each primary function or class (not secondary utility 
 functions/classes) and the structure and relationships among them. 
 Depending on the programming language being used, you may have methods,
  functions or classes. The testing strategy discusses your general 
  strategy for testing, with the scenarios being tested, the coverage 
  of your test cases and (if applicable) some statistics on the number 
  of bugs found and the nature of those bugs. The group work strategy 
  must list the break-down of the work items among partners, both the 
  time spent (an estimate) and the progress made by each partner, and 
  your method of coordination to keep the project on track. The design 
  document should also include a documentation of any decision you have 
  made which is not in the project specification or any coding you have 
  done beyond or different from what is required.

Your design document will not include the source code. However your 
source code will be inspected for source code quality (whether the 
code is easy to read and if data processing is all done in SQL and 
not in the application) and self-documentation (whether the code is 
properly commented).